there he goes trying to dominate the ball via
aerial tula gets him the body fall the
fish takes the face lopez went down to the
half of the field getting in and getting
red rodríguez
incredibly still it remains in
game takes them for independent and
after landing a victim of infraction
I wonder if Miranda is the use
within the list of the court
shoot for something sore red
number 5 group but strong the video that
the center track of the home team
profiled to finish Velázquez at
standing for the red 42 of the second
time and dan takes over the action
because he tells sail that this
girl be the left see if you
latin for the head orders all vidal
and if it opens independent buy it has
up archery
or not
independent of life to the weak to the weak
to life number 5 vidal at 42
minutes of the second time for everything
type of building is more recently the
life of man that more and better
long distance glue no longer only in the
first b national in other categories and
in other countries near the border of
continent and I would say that the challenge of
life after 42 minutes from the hull of
red the ball of each allen to the thread of
the court took the stiletto right
frontal and was ahead he hung it
he put it on top and pegadito a
crossbars for goalkeeper patronato
but back sumptuously the ball touched
the network and came out a quick so that
shout more and better reality a heart
correct and two minutes of the second
time in the field of independent
to the bottom of the arch of the board
above the independent eye 1 patronato
He said the troops part he missed it
only lost the puzzle style
of left - handed barely stepped on the penalty area of
red cross all the shirts of
independent but they used late in
the recoil and lope raised the puntazo
in the second above the cancer and total
from rodríguez that golazo that golazo the
marcelo vidal the bull life of a man
that you have to have a lot of confidence
and you have to have a lot of respect
to your classmates to do what they
me being a kid who has handful of
first matches took a shot from
good height the necessary height just
but with much violence to stay
I want in the flashback have to be
almost usain bolt in order to reach a
good position a goal from another match in
a moment where the red was
going wrong because about closing the
party was patronage that wanted
stay with the three points